Does God have a name?
The Bible mentions the names of many gods.
The nation's surrounding ancient Israel worship did his name
Astoreth, Bale, and Molec.
The first century Christians lived among people who worshiped such
you did his as otomis, hermys, and Zeus.
And the names of those gods are recorded in the Bible.
The Bible acknowledges that there are many gods,
but the name of one god appears in ancient manuscripts of the Bible
far more times than the names of all the other gods combined.
If you read modern Bibles, you will still find the names of the other gods.
However, many Bibles have removed the name of the most frequently mentioned god.
The name of that god appears some 7,000 times in the oldest versions of the Bible.
Who is the god whose name has been removed from the Bible?
The first part of the Bible, often called the Old Testament,
was written in Hebrew and a related language are a make.
In Hebrew, God's name is represented by four letters.
Hebrew is read from right to left.
In English, those four letters are rendered by the consonants
Y H W H.
The original vowel sounds used in God's name are unknown.
But the four letters representing God's name appeared throughout ancient Bible manuscripts
and have been inscribed in many other locations.
In English, a popular rendering of God's name is Jehovah.
Another rendering is Yahweh.
Some Bibles use one of these forms of God's name at Psalm 83, verse 18, and in several other places.
A number of other translations, such as the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures,
restore God's name to the locations in which it originally appeared.
Since God had his personal name included in the Bibles of 7,000 times,
he no doubt wants us to know and to use that name.
In the law God gave to Israel, he told Moses to write,
Listen, all Israel.
Jehovah our God is one Jehovah.
Jesus quoted that passage from the law, so he obviously knew and used God's personal name.
In one of his final prayers before his death, Jesus said to Jehovah God,
I have made your name known.